DTM - 10.16.0 - add permissions prerequisite (#895)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/localization.md

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

> * Subscribed to [Feature branding](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#branding) in the [Enterprise tenant](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must be subscribed to the [Branding feature](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#branding) in the [Enterprise tenant](/users-guide/enterprise-tenant/#overview).
```

> * User's role has READ permission level to **Application management**. See [Administration > Managing permissions](/users-guide/administration/#managing-permissions) in the *User guide*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your user must have a role with READ permission for the permission type "Application management". See [Administration > Managing permissions](/users-guide/administration/#managing-permissions) in the *User guide*.
```

Reviewer: @lra-sag Please adapt these changes in the 10.15 PR as well.
